You look back on all of these years, what were some of the happiest moments at A&M, and if there were any, any sad moments?
Proudest, happiest, most pleasant.
Well, I think, you know, most of my time at A&M was enjoyable to me.
There was the loneliness and the early adjustments, you know, that everybody, everybody went through in those days, and the question of whether you should have been there.
I think, though, that on several occasions in Kyle Field, when I broke the world record, would rank among the, not
happiest days as an athlete of course and because it was at home and getting to do it there with the support and and you know like all Aggies I think the the feeling of graduating and walking across the stage I think I had a good feeling about that that was important to me and and I'm
Got good memories of that time and the way that felt to finally arriving.
That's one of the things, like I was telling you about having a gold medal, they can't take that away from you after you get it.
A lot of things you can lose, you know, you can lose your money, you can lose your job and stuff, but you can't take that away from you.
That's kind of a milestone in your life.
Don't have a lot of what I would call real sad times, I think.
You know, there's little disappointments and wrong role, but I try to use those as motivation for, you know, the future.
Did you ever get homesick?
Yeah, homesick a lot.
Thought about leaving a number of times, you know, when I was a freshman.
But I didn't have any place to go.
So that was much closer to home that I wanted to go to.
Did you ever admit that to anybody?
Oh, yeah.
My roommate, all the time.
Matter of fact, he left.
Went to the University of Texas after a year.
Donnie did?
Donnie did.
He left.
Went over there, helped him find a room.
And I drove back.
That was probably on about Wednesday.
Mm-hmm.
I guess on Friday evening before classes started on Monday, I heard a knock on my door and I opened the door.
There's Ayer standing there.
He said, do you have a roommate yet?
And I said, no.
He said, well, I never bothered to check out of this place.
So he said, I said, yeah, I hadn't already told that many of you been gone.
I was just sitting there wondering if I can get away with not having a roommate.
If I don't bring it up, then maybe it's half a semester before they know.
And he never talked about why.
He came back.
He said, I don't want to talk about it.
He said, I'm not going to complain anymore, and came back.
But we had a friend that was in the Corps, came from Pample with us, and he'd come over once in a while and wanted to know if we'd go home with him, and we wouldn't.
Then next week, we were ready to go home, but he wasn't.
And so if all three of us ever got together and said, yeah, let's go, we'd have probably gone.
But always one of us would...
He was in the Corps, he was an accounting major, a friend of ours, and he flunked his first accounting course and went through the Corps, and now he's a CPA and a controller of a big corporation.
Anyway, he hung in there and became a marine jet pilot.
And normally you all went home only at Thanksgiving and Christmas and Easter?
Sometimes Thanksgiving.
But not always.
But no other time.
And Easter I had track meets a lot of times.
So really in the summer, and then that got limited too for me competing.
And then one summer we worked down in Houston.
Thought we'd make a lot of money and ended up spending more than we made.
All right, still on moments.
Do you remember some goofy moments?
You know, so where the person said, no, no, no, that couldn't happen.
Nobody threw a smoke bomb in your room?
Oh, we had, you know, a lot of that.
I mean, that was so normal, I think, that you didn't pay a lot of attention to that.
A lot of mischief like that went on in those days.
But I really can't.
specific on a lot of that.
Serious moments, touchingly serious.
You didn't have a good friend who got hurt or died.
Well, you know, my friend and teammate, Jim Sebastian,
call me on the phone today just to remind me it's been 34 years to the day since he was in the automobile accident in Houston.
He's, I mean, Lubbock, we're the ones that went out there.
So I have to call him.
He left me a message.
You remember it's been 34 years?
And so, but, you know, and watching him come back out and trying to, and he said he'd never walk, and he tried to run and actually ran in a meter or two.
He couldn't run very fast.
He's 800, but he's the toughest guy I've ever known.
Tenacious.
And, uh,
Well, it's kind of an inspiration to us and he's the one I've been real close to that really had something like that happen to him.
You read about him, but to know someone that really came back and did what he did to try to get back.
You said pranks were, did you ever go into the steam tunnels?
No.
But you heard about them.
Oh, yeah.
You guys did.
That was dumb.
I wasn't afraid I'd get stuck or something, you know.
When you were, when you graduated,
How well prepared did you think you were for the real world?
Well, I went to, right out of school, I went to work for a stock brokerage firm and had to go to New York.
In those days, if you were with a major firm, I was with Payne Weber, and we had to go to school for two and a half months to then take the exam.
And I was very well prepared for that.
And I didn't run into anything up there that was really a challenge to me that I hadn't
had an A&M in business and the College of Business in those days wasn't the strongest college on campus.
It just, matter of fact,
gone from a part of liberal arts to a college of its own while I was in school and was just taking off.
But I was very well prepared and we had CPAs.
Most of the people in those days when the brokerage business had been out of school five to 10 years and most of them were CPAs or attorneys or something.
In hindsight, who were the people in accounting that deserve credit for your being well prepared?
Well, when I left here I had Dan Lowe in accounting and he's, I had him for, matter of fact he might have been the only one I had, and I had a fellow in corporate finance, the name of Adams that you know, that's still here.
He came back out of industry.
What is his name?
He's still here in town.
Adams.
And he really prepared.
Not JQ or something like that.
You know what I'm talking about.
And he really had to learn all these formulas and stuff and gripe and moan about it.
But that was a lot of the test.
What about Herb Thompson?
Herb Thompson was marketing.
Oh, okay.
But he was...
You know, a lot that when I got into, and later on that, even with association, I benefited from his.
You know, for marketing, there's marketing and everything.
And he really had us prepared in that marketing research and things like that.
But, you know, in those days I think it was more the overall education and the discipline and the confidence.
When you left here you felt like, you know, there was a, there was a,
perception whether it's reality or not that if you came out of A&M employers said you did better and you're better prepared and all that and you we really believe that so what you know a lot of times the perception is more important in reality and we thought you know I used to think if I was better trained and worked harder than anybody they couldn't beat me well I think the same thing with Aggies in those days I'm not sure that
I know we weren't any smarter, but, you know, maybe the discipline a little bit and maybe a little bit of the sacrifice, you know, of having to put up with some things you wouldn't normally have to put up with at a school that kind of better prepared us for those things in business.
At least there was a strong perception and we'd heard a lot about that being the case.
If you had all of the people back that you had any association with while you were here,
students, faculty, staff, former students, et cetera, to which ones would you most want to express your appreciation and gratitude as you look back what they meant to you?
Well, I think on the athletic side, of course, Coach Thomas, Mr. Mameliga, I think those two, over a long period of time,
that did a lot for me that I'm indebted to them for.
Academically, I think that faculty members like Herb Thompson and, you know, I'm sure there's a lot of them I'm not thinking about.
If you mention their name, I'd say, you know, that I can't remember the specifics.
came out of it thinking, you know, they care about you and, well, Bayless was one of my history professors way back then.
He probably doesn't have very good memories of that, but, you know, it's just people that taught you and
And in a way that most of my professors cared whether, you know, you did well or not instead of just throw it out there and get it if you wanted.
And, you know, I think General Rutter had an impact even though I wasn't with him all that much.
I think that
Donnie Ayers, my roommate, made it possible.
Ted Nelson, some of those guys, being around them, the friends that I had, made it where you felt comfortable and, you know, at home, so.
And I may have already asked this.
To whom did you turn for academic advice?
What courses to take or not to take?
Well, we talked about it.
Oh, okay.
And Buddy Denton.
Oh, Buddy Denton, yeah.
But see, in those days, it wasn't a lot, you didn't have many electives to take.
I mean, you know, you had, remember the old, the catalog, and it had a slot in there for electives, maybe two.
And then you'd go in there later after you, you know, that was first for athletics, you know, to help you.
And he helped us a lot to get our schedules blocked where we could work out and everything.
But after a while, you go see Herb Thompson.
And because I remember he told me I need to take philosophy.
And I tried to explain to him, I didn't think that was my strong point.
He said, it's probably not, but you need to take it.
And he put me in a public relations course that was a journalism course.
I didn't think, I didn't know it was journalism.
I got in there with a bunch of journalism students and philosophy.
And I didn't like either one of them, but I got some things out of them, I think, that benefited me.
And he said I needed, you know, a better, well-rounded education out of the place.
And Herb Thompson was the kind of guy, when he kind of suggested it, it was kind of like the way it was going to be.
It was like General Rudder saying, you need to go do this.
And it was hard not to do what they said.
And normally your academic load was how many credit hours?
16 or 17 hours, depending on whether I had a lab.
I try to never take more than that because that would get you out in four years in those days.
Taking 17 until you got rid of the biology and the geology and the stuff with the labs and then 16 the rest of the time would get you out in eight semesters.
All right.
Now have we not touched anything that you want to be sure to include?
Anything we've overlooked?
I don't think so.
All right, then the last question is, what feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M today?
Well, I think that I wouldn't have accomplished
First, the athletic goals that I had were very important to me when I showed up here.
I already at that time knew kind of where I hoped to end up, and I did that, and I think I wouldn't have done it anywhere else.
I may be wrong because I didn't experience that, but I feel that way, and I feel like from that point of view, I went to the very best place I could have gone to, and that's for a lot of reasons, for the support I got, the interest in me,
individually, a lack of distractions, the total support in those days from everybody, from your faculty, the students.
I carried into the Olympic Stadium with me in 1968 in my shot put bag a telegram with 10,000 names on it.
I still have that.
And that came from the MSC.
Put a little pressure on you, though, because you realize that I've got to go back and face them.
That's what I told everybody.
Was that encouragement?
I said, no, that scared me to death.
I've got to go back and face all those people if I don't do well.
And I felt a little of that.
And I got from A&M a pride in being an Aggie.
And I don't know why that is, but any time somebody said, you go to A&M,
I feel proud of that, you know.
I feel proud saying I'm class of 67.
And, you know, a lot of things you say, well, I could have been a doctor or a lawyer or something maybe a little more exciting than alumni director, even though I was honored to get to be the alumni director here.
But I can't think of any place I'd rather say I'm a graduate of.
I think that's a great story.